Release v1.3.1 (#359)
NethermindEth/sedge: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [v1.3.1] - 2024-02-13

### Fixed

> - Fix lodestar and lighthouse new versions flag issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove the Lodestar `--eth1.providerUrls` flag
- Replace the Lighthouse `--eth1-endpoints` flag with `--eth1`.
```
